 Sure, here are the minutes of the 602nd meeting of the Central Board of Directors (CBD) of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held on May 19, 2023, at Mumbai, segregated into agenda items and action points:

Agenda Item No. 1: Signing of Minutes of the meeting of the Central Board held on March 24, 2023
Action Point: The minutes were signed by the Chairman and Deputy Governor.

Agenda Item No. 2: Grant of leave of absence to Directors
Action Point: The leave applications were placed before the Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 3: Submission of Proceedings of the meetings of the Committee of Central Board
Action Point: The proceedings were submitted to the Central Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 4: Weekly Statement of Affairs of Reserve Bank of India for the week ended May 12, 2023
Action Point: The statement was placed before the Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 5: Weekly Financial and Commercial Report (WFCR)
Action Point: The report was submitted to the Central Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 6: Memorandum on annual accounts of the Reserve Bank of India and surplus transferable to Government of India for the year ended March 31, 2023
Action Point: The memorandum was placed before the Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 7: Final draft of the Annual Report on the working of Reserve Bank of India for the year 2022-23 April-March
Action Point: The report was submitted to the Central Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 8: Eighteenth Annual Report of Board for Regulation and Supervision of Payment and Settlement Systems for the year April 2022-March 2023
Action Point: The report was placed before the Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 9: Report on the activities of the Department of Information Technology for the period April 2022 to March 2023
Action Point: The report was submitted to the Central Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 10: Report on the activities of the Department of Currency Management for the period April 2022 to March 2023
Action Point: The report was placed before the Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 11: Report on the Activities of Internal Debt Management Department for the period of April 01,2022 to March 31,2023
Action Point: The report was submitted to the Central Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 12: Report on the activities of the Premises Department during the year 2022-2023
Action Point: The report was placed before the Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 13: Proceedings of the Meeting of the Standing Committee of Central Board (Local Board -Western Area held on February 24,2023)
Action Point: The proceedings were submitted to the Central Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 14: Date and place of next Meeting of the Central Board -August 25, 2023 at Indore
Action Point: The date and venue of the next meeting were noted by the members.

Agenda Item No. 15: Any other business with the permission of the Chair
Action Point: There was no other business brought up for discussion.

Information Item: Budget Estimates -2023-24 -Revision of Capital Budget estimate and Amendments to para 9 of Expenditure Rules (ER) CSBD 2018
Action Point: The information item was placed before the Board for information.

Table Item: 2o00 Denomination Banknotes-Withdrawal from Circulation DCM; Segregate Minutes of Meeting, Agenda and Action Points present in the given documnet.

Minutes of Meeting:
The minutes of the meeting are divided into several agenda items, which are discussed and action points decided upon. The following is a summary of the main agenda items and their corresponding action points:

Agenda Item No. 1: Confirmation of Minutes
The minutes of the previous meeting were confirmed by the members present.

Agenda Item No. 2: Leave of Absence
Leave applications for absence from the meeting were placed before the Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 3: Proceedings of Meetings of Committees of Central Board
The proceedings of meetings of various committees of the Central Board were submitted to the Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 4: Weekly Statement of Affairs
The weekly statement of affairs of the Reserve Bank was placed before the Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 5: Weekly Financial and Commercial Report (WFCR)
The WFCR report was submitted to the Central Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 6: Memorandum on Annual Accounts of the Reserve Bank of India and Surplus Transferable to Government of India for the Year Ended March 31, 2023
The memorandum on annual accounts was placed before the Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 7: Final Draft of the Annual Report on the Working of Reserve Bank of India for the Year 2022-23 April-March
The final draft of the annual report was submitted to the Central Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 8: Eighteenth Annual Report of Board for Regulation and Supervision of Payment and Settlement Systems for the Year April 2022-March 2023
The eighteenth annual report of the Board for Regulation and Supervision of Payment and Settlement Systems was placed before the Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 9: Report on the Activities of the Department of Information Technology for the Period April 2022 to March 2023
The report on the activities of the Department of Information Technology was submitted to the Central Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 10: Report on the Activities of the Department of Currency Management for the Period April 2022 to March 2023
The report on the activities of the Department of Currency Management was placed before the Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 11: Report on the Activities of the Internal Debt Management Department for the Period of April 01,2022 to March 31,2023
The report on the activities of the Internal Debt Management Department was submitted to the Central Board for consideration and approval.

Agenda Item No. 12: Report on the Activities of the Premises Department during the Year 2022-2023
The report on the activities of the Premises Department was placed before the Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 13: Proceedings of the Meeting of the Standing Committee of Central Board (Local Board -Western Area held on February 24,2023)
The proceedings of the meeting of the Standing Committee of Central Board were submitted to the Central Board for information.

Agenda Item No. 14: Date and Place of Next Meeting of the Central Board
The date and place of the next meeting of the Central Board were fixed as August 25, 2023, at Indore.

Agenda Item No. 15: Any Other Business with the Permission of the Chair
There was no other business brought up for discussion.

Information Item: Budget Estimates -2023-24 -Revision of Capital Budget estimate and Amendments to para 9 of Expenditure Rules (ER) CSBD 2018
The information item on the revision of capital budget estimate and amendments to para 9 of Expenditure Rules (ER) CSBD 2018 was placed before the Board for information.

Table Item: 2000 Denomination Banknotes-Withdrawal from Circulation DCM
The table item on the withdrawal of 2000 denomination banknotes from circulation was placed before the Board for consideration and approval. The following action points were decided upon:

1. The Reserve Bank may withdraw 2000 denomination banknotes from circulation in a phased manner.
2. The Reserve Bank may issue necessary instructions to banks for withdrawal of 2000 denomination banknotes.
3. The Reserve Bank may take steps to ensure that the public is not inconvenienced due to the withdrawal of 2000 denomination banknotes.