 Minutes of the 604th Meeting of the Central Board (CBD) of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) held on October 27, 2023, at Rishikesh.

Agenda:

1. Signing of Minutes of the meeting of the Central Board held on September 01, 2023
2. Grant of leave of absence to Directors
3. Submission of Proceedings of the meetings of the Committees of Central Board
4. Weekly Statement of Affairs of RBI for the week ended October 20, 2023
5. Weekly Financial and Commercial Report (WFCR)
6. Review of the activities of Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) during April 2022-March 2023
7. Minutes of 183rd Meeting of the Central Official Language Implementation Committee held on August 28, 2023
8. Proceedings of the Meeting of the Standing Committee of Central Board (Local Board -Western Area) held on July 07, 2023
9. Proceedings of the Meeting of the Standing Committee of the Central Board (Local Board -Northern Area) held on July 03, 2023
10. Date and place of next meeting of the Central Board
11. Any other business with the permission of the Chair

Action Points:

1. One of the Directors suggested that a slide with high-frequency indicators may be included as part of the presentation for Weekly Financial and Commercial Report (WFCR).
2. Responding to the discussions on the external sector, the Governor advised that a comprehensive analysis be undertaken of the overall external sector.
3. The Governor advised that a thematic study be done to assess the impact of technology on banks' intermediation costs.

Agenda Item 5: Weekly Financial and Commercial Report (WFCR)

* Presentation made by DEPR
* Discussion on high-frequency indicators
	+ One of the Directors suggested that a slide with high-frequency indicators may be included as part of the presentation.
* External sector discussed
	+ Governor advised that a comprehensive analysis be undertaken of the overall external sector.

Agenda Item 17: Any other business with the permission of the Chair

* Governor advised that a thematic study be done to assess the impact of technology on banks' intermediation costs.

Minutes signed by: <Name of the Officer>

Date: <Date of Signing>